kafka doesn't need pre configured table


data Sharing
    data share
    marketplace
    data exchange


execute queries of the same size


results aren't contained in cloud storage layer
don't put them in different vws

Temporary Tables, External Tables, Stages, Temporary Stages, Streams, and Tasks do not get replicated.



8 servers in large size cluster
1 is xs
2 is small
4 is medium
8 is large


XS 8 files parallelly.
S 16 files parallelly.
M 32 files parallelly.
L 64 files parallelly.
XL 128 files parallelly.


The search optimization service currently supports equality predicate and IN list predicate searches for the following data types: Fixed-point numbers (e.g. INTEGER, NUMERIC). DATE, TIME, and TIMESTAMP. VARCHAR. BINARY. Currently, the search optimization service does not support floating point data types, semi-structured data types, or other data types not listed above.

[Important term for exam: EQUALITY for Search Optimization Service]


SECURITYADMIN role can manage any object grant globally, as well as create, monitor, and manage users and roles.

More specifically, this role:

Is granted the MANAGE GRANTS security privilege to be able to modify any grant, including revoking it.

Inherits the privileges of the USERADMIN role via the system role hierarchy (i.e. USERADMIN role is granted to SECURITYADMIN).


Explanation
A role inherits all the privileges of its underlying roles (those "lower" in the hierarchy).


Retired Key is used for decryption only.

Active Key is used for both encryption and decryption.

Destroyed Key is no longer used.


Explanation
Generally, tables in the multi-terabyte (TB) range will experience the most benefit from clustering, mainly if DML is performed regularly/continually on these tables.


The benefits of The Data Cloud are Access, Governance, and Action.

The key insights that the explain plan gives us in its results output are information on partition pruning, join ordering, and join types.

Network policies currently support only Internet Protocol version 4 (i.e. IPv4) addresses.


Full Release: A full release may include any of the following: -

New features
Feature enhancements or updates

    Fixes

    Patch Release: A patch release includes fixes only.

    Behavior Release: Every month, Snowflake deploys one behavior change release. Behavior change releases contain changes to existing behaviors that may impact customers.


The standard retention period is 1 day (24 hours) and is automatically enabled for all Snowflake accounts.


Please note, not all predicate expressions can be used to prune. Snowflake does not prune micro-partitions based on a predicate with a subquery, even if the subquery results in a constant.


access, authorization, authentication, data protetion

timestmap no time zone

task historty
    global monitor
    accoutn admin
    task ownership privilege

network policy
    account admin, security admin

there's no schema stage broseph

Fail-safe is not provided as a means for accessing historical data after the Time Travel retention period has ended.


Left Navigation consists of Worksheets, Dashboards, Data, Marketplace, Activity, Admin, Help & Support.

User Menu lets you Switch Roles, Profile including multi-factor authentication (MFA), Partner Connect, Documentation, Support and Sign Out.

The account selector, located at the bottom of the left nav, lets you sign in to other Snowflake accounts.


Snowflake has the following Cloud Partner Categories:

    Data Integration
    Business Intelligence (BI)
    Machine Learning & Data Science
    Security Governance & Observability
    SQL Development & Management
    Native Programmatic Interfaces


A Directory table is not a separate database object; it stores a catalog of staged files in cloud storage


The role that dropped the DBA_ROLE will own the database. It is an important question for the exam.



File Staging Commands – PUT (to a stage), GET (from a stage), LIST, and REMOVE. These commands are specific for working with stages.

Data Loading / Unloading DML – COPY INTO <table>,  COPY INTO <location>

The ACOOUNTADMIN role is intended for performing initial setup tasks in the system and managing account-level objects and tasks on a day-to-day basis. It should not be used to create objects in your account unless you absolutely need these objects to have the highest level of secure access.

In the case of micro-partitions are in a constant state Overlap depth = 1.

SECURITYADMIN role can manage any object grant globally, as well as create, monitor, and manage users and roles.
    More specifically, this role:
    Is granted the MANAGE GRANTS security privilege to be able to modify any grant, including revoking it.
    Inherits the privileges of the USERADMIN role via the system role hierarchy (i.e. USERADMIN role is granted to SECURITYADMIN).



. Query Result Cache doesn't require Virtual Warehouse and is available for other users in the same role with SELECT permissions on all tables in the query.

The warehouse performance can be evaluated by querying the Account Usage QUERY_HISTORY view.

The results get stored in the SSD of Virtual Warehouse. So, if the Virtual Warehouse gets suspended, then results get lost.

Snowflake keeps the Snowpipe's load history for 14 days.

29, 36, 37, 58, 69, 73, 76, 89, 96
