


clustering depth and info

INSERT_ONLY = TRUE | FALSE
Required for streams on external tables. Not supported by streams on other objects. Specifies whether this is an insert-only stream. Insert-only streams track row inserts only; they do not record delete operations that remove rows from an inserted set (i.e. no-ops). For example, in-between any two offsets, if File1 is removed from the cloud storage location referenced by the external table, and File2 is added, the stream returns records for the rows in File2 only. Unlike when tracking change data capture (CDC) data for standard tables, Snowflake cannot access the historical records for files in cloud storage.


snowflake keys rotated every 30 days

default public role

masking is for enterprise and up

information schema is the data dicitonary

federated authorization is for everyone tbh

73, 84


strip_outer_array is the one



The following vendors provide native Snowflake support for federated authentication and SSO:
    Okta— hosted service
    Microsoft ADFS(Active Directory Federation Services) — on-premises software (installed on Windows Server)

In addition to the native Snowflake support provided by Okta and ADFS, Snowflake supports using most SAML 2.0-compliant vendors as an IdP, including:

    Google G Suite
    Microsoft Azure Active Directory
    OneLogin
    Ping Identity PingOne



Snowflake Query history page allows you to view the details of all the queries executed in the last 7 days? (True/False)


blocked first means blocked more important prioirty


for this stuff set force to false



Zero-copy cloning allows us to make a snapshot of any table, schema, or database without actually copying data. A clone is writable and is independent of its source (i.e., changes made to the source or clone are not reflected in the other object).


kafka is one pipe for topic


A task can execute any one of the following types of SQL code:

Single SQL statement

Call to a stored procedure

Procedural logic using Snowflake Scripting.


Search optimization is a table-level property and applies to all columns with supported data types. The search optimization service aims to significantly improve the performance of selective point lookup queries on tables. A point lookup query returns only one or a small number of distinct rows. A user can register one or more tables to the search optimization service.


The cloud services layer is a collection of services that coordinate activities across Snowflake. These services tie together all of the different components of Snowflake in order to process user requests, from login to query dispatch.

The cloud service layer manages
    Authentication,
    Infrastructure Management,
    Metadata Management,
    Query parsing and optimization
    Access control services.



    The SHOW PARAMETERS command determines whether a network policy is set on the account or for a specific user.

    For Account level: SHOW PARAMETERS LIKE 'network_policy' IN ACCOUNT;

    For User level : SHOW PARAMETERS LIKE 'network_policy' IN USER <username>;

    Example - SHOW PARAMETERS LIKE 'network_policy' IN USER john;


why would you think roles can be shared you


dip timeout we good


process data smaller, increase parallel quereis, use larger warehouse



user managed good for scheduling multipe concurrent tasks. too few casns or run fatsts




auto_refresh_registration_history


clustering is good for maintenance and query performance


Time Travel cannot be disabled for an account.




The spilling can't always be avoided, especially for large batches of data, but it can be decreased by:

Reviewing the query for query optimization especially if it is a new query
Reducing the amount of data processed. For example, by trying to improve partition pruning, or projecting only the columns that are needed in the output.
Decreasing the number of parallel queries running in the warehouse.
Trying to split the processing into several steps (for example by replacing the CTEs with temporary tables).
Using a larger warehouse - this effectively means more memory and more local disk space.


User-managed Tasks
    recommended when you can fully utilize a single warehouse by scheduling multiple concurrent tasks to take advantage of available compute resources.
    Also, recommended when adherence to the schedule interval is less critical.

Serverless Tasks
    recommended when you cannot fully utilize a warehouse because too few tasks run concurrently
    or they run to completion quickly (in less than 1 minute).
    Also, recommended when adherence to the schedule interval is critical.


Snowflake Query history page allows you to view the details of all the queries executed in the last 14 days.
You can query the Query_History view in Snowflake's Account Usage schema for older queries.







Question 16

Which of these SQL functions helps returns the absolute path of a staged file using the stage name and path of the file relative to its location in the stage as inputs.?

-GET_ABSOLUTE_PATH
-GET_RELATIVE_PATH



use cached reuslt False


select to tables. usage to database
